That's right, Fu Siye's ex-wife
You have to think about it tonight
Mr. Qin
Don't be afraid, honey.
Mr. Qin, I'm still here to talk to you about cooperation.
I'm here to play hide-and-seek with you
Entered my door
Don't even think about going out
Belly button shame never told you
Stop calling people on your phone
To tell you the truth
The signal here has been cut by me.
Let's have a good time with me
Mr. Qin can tear it up
Then I'll tell your wife the evidence of your affair
Pardon me?
Mr. Qin relies on the resources and connections of his mother's family
Only then did the salary become prosperous
If you let your wife
know
If you owe a lot of romantic debt behind your back
I don't know if he still wants to
Recognize you as a door-to-door son-in-law
Can't find it
If you don't know, you don't have to do it yourself.
Mr. Qin should have known long ago that I am the ex-wife of Vice Siye
Come on, his woman is not a vegetarian
What did you hear?
It's been 10 minutes
I'll go see him.
Hey, honey.